# Kenzie Academy JavaScript Assignment

Complete your work inside of `code.js`

Follow the instructions provided on my.kenzie.academy for this assignment.

UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE

I am now resuming this capstone project that was meant to demonstrate my ability and skills to work with API's, JavaScript, and to parse raw data into json format and display in a readable and meaningful way to an end user. When I began this project I was nearing the end of a coding bootcamp and it was a very short (6 month camp). I worked on this project for about 2 weeks but felt like I needed more time to really wrap my head around certain JavaScript concepts and to be able to take my time and understand what was happening under the hood and why it was happening and how it was happening. With the aid of collaboration from my course instructors and fellow students I was able to get some basic code down and demonstrate some(and i stress "some")functionality, enough to pass the final and graduate the program, but in the years since, while not completely leaving off I have not done nearly enough on my own. I was discouraged when entry level IT and junior dev job possibilties didnt seem to pan out. I shifted focus on just trying to raise my daughter, continuing to toil in menial labor simply to earn income to provide with. I now have come to realize I jumped into computer science/software development with the wrong expectations and just wanted to immediately find a job and escape a situation as soon as I graduated the bootcamp. This was the wrong attitude to hold. I have since come to greatly miss typing in an editor, and just building basic web infrastructure. I have seen peers posting snippets and screenshots of code lately and I long for the ability to do the same. Not even to post or show off but to just simply build. I no longer see this as a career or a means of financial escape and liberty. Web development, coding, programming, software engineering is certainly much more than just a job. It is no less than an art form of high degree It will be if nothing else, a hobby I am very fond of. I have a very high degree of desire to, for lack of a better term, master JavaScript. I should like to be proficient enough in all aspects of front end development so that I am independently capable of building comprehensive and impressive websites, whether professional/business oriented or more entertainment and passion/art centered. For whatever reason I was never able to get this capstone project from Kenzie Academy's front end boot camp(near the end of 2021) to fade from my mind. I felt like I was almost at a poimt where some things were starting to flow and come natural to me, but the frustration of a expedited learning experience in very fast paced bootcamp, uncertainy in my own comprehension of some JavaScript concepts;HTML and CSS too for that matter, and overlooked job applications brought about an emotional frustration and feeling of failure. I had to step away from tutorial hell and the linkedin social media style of trying to network myself into a role that i probably wasnt ready for awhile, so i could figure some things out about myself, and ultimately come to the realization point of missing the process and the IDE. I am going to do this regardless, being paid enough to provide a very comfortable life for the people that depend on my effort for an activity that is more leisure than labor would be a dream no doubt or denial of that but career be damned, I want to build websites, applications, tools, games, animations,or more philosophically virtual ideas and digital destinations that will be far after i cease to not be. Especially with the current state and events of the world and the way of life is unfolding for humanity, ambitious code and cyber endeavors may be the final frontier of liberty and free thought. I want to be an active member of the movement and not merely just an observer/admirer of the culture or the art/idealogy/philosphy it promises to produce. So let me begin with this, a silly little web based api driven application i left unfinished.

Jservice API is depcrecated and no longer functional, I have implemented opentrivia db to replace it and advance with the project. I have achieved basic functionality with the API.

The application is more or less finished as far as the core functionality of the code is concerned, I will most likely continue to work on small fixes and the visuals from here on. Overall I am fairly happy with the results and this was a fun learning and growing development project and helped me to understand the basic idea and concepts of api based applications and websites as they pertain front end usage.
